Read epsilon-constraint duals as frontier slope / exchange rate in multi-objective skill (#1406)
NVIDIA/cuopt: skills/cuopt-multi-objective-exploration/SKILL.md

Sweep each `ε_k` across the range from the payoff table. Each `(ε2, ε3, …)` combination is a single standard cuOpt solve. This recovers the **full** frontier, including the concave regions weighted-sum cannot reach, which is why it's the default when completeness matters. The cost is more solves (a grid over the constrained objectives) and bookkeeping of the ε values.

> ε-constrain *linear* objectives directly. A quadratic objective (e.g. risk `xᵀΣx`) is simplest kept as the objective `f1` while you ε-constrain the linear ones. A **convex** quadratic objective *can* instead be ε-constrained directly: add it as a quadratic constraint `xᵀQx ≤ ε`, which cuOpt handles as a second-order cone. Non-convex or equality quadratic constraints are unsupported, and the MILP path stays linear-constraint only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ε-constrain *linear* objectives directly. A quadratic objective (e.g. risk `xᵀΣx`) is simplest kept as the objective `f1` while you ε-constrain the linear ones. A **convex** quadratic objective *can* instead be ε-constrained directly: add it as a quadratic constraint `xᵀQx ≤ ε`, which cuOpt supports. Non-convex or equality quadratic constraints are unsupported, and the MILP path stays linear-constraint only.
```

Author: Applied

Spot it in existing code: a hand-coded loop over a target or budget value (a return target, a cost cap) is already the ε-constraint method — name it as such, filter dominated points, and read the swept constraint's dual (LP/QP only).

> **That dual is the frontier's local slope.** The dual on a swept ε-constraint is how much the kept objective `f1` moves per unit of that bound — the exchange rate between the two objectives, and the frontier's tangent at that point, read off the solve for free (differencing two solves gives only a secant across any bend between them). A **zero** dual means the bound is slack, not binding — no tradeoff there, so the sweep has run past the frontier's edge. It applies to **LP/QP** off a **linear** ε-constraint only: MILP optima have no duals, and any quadratic constraint voids them for the whole solve, so keep a quadratic objective as `f1` and ε-constrain the linear ones; where no dual is available, difference adjacent points instead. (`cuopt-numerical-optimization-formulation` covers what duals mean and which problem types expose them.)

Reviewer: Is the paragraph adding much beyond "That dual is the frontier's local slope."? There's also an implicit assumption that the frontier is smooth at this point and therefore has a slope. If not, the dual is not the slope.

Author: Fair on both counts. Qualified the claim and cut the paragraph to a third, keeping only what isn't said elsewhere
